Cut v0.40.0 (#3038)
GoogleContainerTools/skaffold: CHANGELOG.md

# v0.40.0 Release - 09/26/2019

*Note*: This release comes with a new config version `v1beta16`.
        To upgrade your `skaffold.yaml`, use `skaffold fix`. If you don't upgrade, skaffold will auto-upgrade in memory as best it can, and print a warning message.
        See [Skaffold Deprecation Policy](http://skaffold.dev/docs/references/deprecation/) for details on what beta means.

New Features:

* Add option to override kubecontext from `skaffold.yaml` [#2510](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/skaffold/pull/2510)
* Support YAML anchors in skaffold.yaml (key must start with a dot) [#2836](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/skaffold/pull/2836)
* Add file sync to Event and State APIs [#2978](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/skaffold/pull/2978)

> * Implement 'skaffold render' for kubectl deployer [#2943](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/skaffold/pull/2943)

Reviewer: This is big!!  a lot of users were looking forward to this. We shd make this more noticeable. 
```suggestion
* A new [`skaffold render`](https://skaffold.dev/docs/references/cli/#skaffold-render) command which renders manifests for kubectl deployer [#2943](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/skaffold/pull/2943)
```

Author: done
